Change order for joining subnets (#1445)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/subnets/create-a-fuji-subnet.md

search best works by blockchain ID, so in this example, enter `2XDnKyAEr1RhhWpTpMXqrjeejN23vETmDykVzkb4PrU1fQjewh`
into the search box and you should see your shiny new blockchain information.

> ## Join a Subnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Request to Join a Subnet as a Validator
```

> This new Subnet is cool - but it doesn't have any dedicated validators yet. We are now going to add 
> a validator to the Subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new Subnet created in the previous steps doesn't have any dedicated validators yet. 
To request permission to validate a Subnet, the following steps are required:
```

:::info

Before a node can be a validator on a Subnet, the node is required to already be a validator on the
primary network, which means that your node has **fully bootstrapped**.

See [here](../nodes/validate/add-a-validator.md#add-a-validator-with-avalanche-wallet) on how to
become a validator.

:::

> To add a node as a validator to a Subnet, run the `join` command along with the Subnet name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, request permission to validate by running the `join` command along with the Subnet name:
```

    Mainnet
```

> Next, you will be asked if you want to verify if your node has already been permissioned 

Reviewer 2: did you create a ticket for this or should I?

The default is `Yes` but just choose `No` here to speed up things, assuming the node is already whitelisted.

> As mentioned earlier, If the node has not been whitelisted, a holder of the Subnet control key 

Reviewer 2: We want to change what we suggest here, we should be advising that addValidator always be called AFTER join. Also capitalization of If.

_must_ call
[Subnet addValidator](../apis/avalanchego/apis/p-chain.md#platformaddsubnetvalidator) defined in 
the next section in order to allow the node to validate the Subnet.

> Next, there are two setup choices: automatic and Manual configuration. As mentioned earlier,

Reviewer 2: case

:::warning

If the `join` command isn't successfully completed before `addValidator` is completed, the Subnet 

> may experience degraded performance.

Reviewer 2: could experience degraded performance or even halt.

:::

> Now that the node has joined your Subnet, if you are a holder of the Subnet control key, you

Reviewer 2: Now that the node has joined the Subnet, a Subnet control key holder must call `addValidator`

take effect.
```

## Add a Validator

:::warning

> If the `join` command isn't successfully completed before `addValidator` is completed and the 

Reviewer 2: Remove the `>20%` part. Just say the subnet may have degraded performance or even halt. Be scary haha.
